Need to clarify which URL to use to clone repo (#575)
astronomer/docs: software/customize-image.md

A few notes:

> - The `Private RSA Key` = [SSH Key generated via GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `{PRIVATE_RSA_KEY}` needs to be replaced with an SSH Key that you [generated from GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/generating-a-new-ssh-key-and-adding-it-to-the-ssh-agent)
```

> - Make sure to replace the first line of this file (`FROM`..) with your Airflow Image (Step 2 above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure to replace the first line of this file (`FROM`..) with your Astronomer Certified image from Step 2.
```

> - This method allows an SSH connection to the Github servers. If the URL to the repo that you are trying to clone starts with `https://`, git will fail to authenticate - you MUST use the SSH URL in the format similar to `git@github.com:astronomer/astronomer.git`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This method allows an SSH connection to GitHub. If the URL to the repo that you are trying to clone starts with `https://`, you must use the SSH URL that follows this format: `git@github.com:astronomer/astronomer.git`. Otherwise, git will fail to authenticate.
```

@stuart23 Is `astronomer` here a placeholder? Is one the name of the "org" and and another the name of the "repo", or does this have to literally be `astronomer`?
